Point at the person who probably knows the most about Star Wars.
Point at the person you think would kick butt in the world of Game of Thrones.
Point at the person who will probably outlive you all.
Point at the person with the hardest name to spell.
Point at the person who lives the farthest away.
Point at the person with the worst taste in music.
Point at the person who probably has the best smelling farts.
Point at the person most likely to win Jeopardy!
Point at the person with the smallest feet.
Point at the person with the coolest shirt.
Point at the person who probably swears the most.
Point at the silliest person.
Point at the person who probably has the deepest, darkest secrets.
Point at the person most likely to have a thing for mermaids.
Point at the person who has probably seen the most Disney movies.
Point at the person who is most likely an organ donor.
Point at the person who would die first in a horror film.
Point at the person who probably wakes up the earliest.
Point at the person who probably has the most unread e-mails.
Point at the person wearing the fewest buttons.
Point at the person who has the most pets.
Point at the person least likely to say the word vagina.
Point at the person born closest to 1989.
Point at the person most likely to go to a Renaissance fair.
Point at the most immature person.
Point at the person who, if they magically swapped bodies with you, would really screw up your life.
Point at the person who should have their own reality show.
Point at the person who you suspect watches the most porn.
Point at the person who has the best laugh.
Point at the person most capable of dunking a basketball.
Point at the person with the deepest voice.
Point at the person who looks the most like Tom Cruise.
Point at the person who probably has the most speeding tickets.
Point at the person who most likely has the holiest underwear.
Point at the person most likely to win a spelling bee.
Point at the person you'd most like to hear read an entire book.
Point at the person the government is most likely to be spying on.
Point at the biggest sports fan.
Point at the person who probably most recently kissed someone.
Point at the person with the worst memory.
Point at the person you think would make a great James Bond.
Point at the person you think has the tiniest bladder.
Point at someone you'd hire as a bouncer.
Point at the person most likely to be sorted into House Gryffindor. (it's a Harry Potter thing)
Point at the person you would most want to share a two-person horse costume with.
Point at the person the furthest away from you.
Point at the person you suspect is hardest to make angry.
Point at the person most likely to scream if they saw a rat.
Point at the person with the prettiest hands.
Point at the person who probably reads the most.
Point at the person you've never heard fart.
Point at the person you would want on your team when playing a trivia game.
Point at the person who probably likes the worst movies.
Point at the person most likely to refer to themselves as a foodie.
Point at someone who does NOT have brown eyes.
Point at the person most likely to get into a prolonged argument on the internet.
Point at someone wearing something on their wrist.
Point at the person whose birthday will be next.
Point at the person you would most enjoy dunking in a dunk tank.
Point at the smoothest talker.
Point at someone who is probably a dog lover.
Point at the person you would like to see in a big teddy bear costume.
Point at the person whose thoughts you would most like to hear.
Point at the person who would struggle the most if they had to be a vegan.
Point at the person you would most like to see attempt an impression of Kim Kardashian.
Point at the person in this group you've texted most recently.
Point at the person who you suspect has the tidiest underwear drawer.
Point at the person who would make the best vampire.
Point at the person with the best fashion sense.
Point at a person who has accused you of being the Faker.
Point at the person you last pointed at.
Point at the person who is most addicted to their phone.
Point at the person you've known the longest.
Point at the person who probably says bro the most.
Point your finger at the youngest person in the room.
Point your finger at the person who most likely watches Big Bang Theory.
Point your finger at the person most likely to own leather pants.
Point at the person who would make the best politician.
Point at the person who you've told the most secrets to.
Point at the person who's the worst dancer.
Point at the person who looks the most like a cop.
Point at the person you think is most capable of murder.
Point at the person you like the best.
Point at the person you suspect has the grossest poops.
Point to the person you think you'd have the best chance of beating in a fight.
Point at the person you'd eat if you all crashed in the Alps.
Point at the person you'd MOST want your mother to make out with (and it has to be someone).
Point at the person you think would give the best hugs.
Point at the person who smells the best.
Point at the person you suspect is the most well-traveled.
Point at the person you'd want to be trapped on a desert island with.
Point at the person you suspect is the worst at this game.
Point at the person you think is most likely to be a total pervert.
Point at the person you think is the happiest in general.
Point at the person you're most likely to give a high five to.
Point at someone you want to know better.
Point at the person you most want to see dance dance dance!
Point at the person whose name is closest to yours alphabetically.
Point at the person with the best hair.
Point at the person that looks the MOST like you.
Point at the person you suspect is closest to you in age.
Point at the person you've had the most disagreements with.
Point at someone with the same color eyes as you.
Point at a person who is wearing red or green.
Point at someone shorter than you (or at yourself).
Point at someone you haven't pointed at yet.
Point at someone you are confident is NOT the Faker.
Point at the last person you heard speak.

Hold up as many fingers as cups of coffee you've had today.
Hold up as many fingers as people living in your home, right now.
Hold up as many fingers as NFL games you've attended in the last year.
Hold up as many fingers as tattoos you have.
Hold up the number of fingers that represent the hour you wake up each morning.
Hold up as many fingers as Alfred Hitchcock movies you've seen.
Hold up as many fingers as times you wash your bedsheets in a month.
Hold up as many fingers as days in a row you'd typically use the same bath towel.
Hold up as many fingers as TV judge shows you can name off the top of your head.
Hold up as many fingers as Batman movies you've seen.
Hold up as many fingers as months that have 30 days.
Hold up as many fingers as there are Canadian provinces... probably.
Hold up as many fingers as cards you're usually dealt in poker.
Hold up as many fingers as bottles of wine are in your house.
Hold up as many fingers as number of dates required before you believe there should be nudity.
Hold up as many fingers as years you think the American Civil War lasted.
Hold up as many fingers as times you've done the walk of shame.
Hold up as many fingers as times you've pooped in the woods.
Hold up as many fingers as you did last time.
Hold up as many fingers as toppings you typically order on a pizza.
Hold up as many fingers as sequels you think there are to The Fast and the Furious.
Hold up as many fingers as times per week you think is healthy for a couple to have sex.
Hold up as many fingers as you think your last name ranks alphabetically amongst the other players.
Hold up as many fingers as teams you think there are in the NFC West.
Hold up as many fingers as one dollar bills you currently have in your wallet.
Hold up as many fingers as pockets you have on your outfit right now.
Hold up as many fingers as video game consoles you own.
Hold up the number of fingers that represent the age you were when you stopped believing in Santa.
Hold up as many fingers as there were friends on Friends.
Hold up as many fingers as presidential elections you've lived through.
Hold up as many fingers as members of the Three Stooges you can name.
Hold up an odd number of fingers if you have an outie belly button, an even number if you have an innie.
Hold up your fingers to show how many cats are too many cats to own.
Hold up as many fingers as cars you've owned in your lifetime.
Hold up as many fingers as pets you currently have.
Hold up as many fingers as pairs of shoes you own.
Hold up as many fingers as holes in your underwear (including holes to pee out of).
Hold up as many fingers as hours since you last pooped.
Hold up as many fingers as the last number in the year you were born.
Hold up as many fingers as cavities you've gotten as an adult.
Hold up as many fingers to match the number of e's in your last name.
Hold up the number of fingers you think Homer Simpson has.
Hold up half as many fingers as testicles in this room.
Hold up five fingers if your name starts with J. Seven if not.
Hold up as many fingers that your longest fart ever lasted in seconds.
Hold up as many fingers as steaks you've eaten in the last month.
Hold up as many fingers as what time you got up today.
Hold up as many fingers as you want on your LEFT hand.
Hold up as many fingers as pizza slices you've had this week.
Hold up as many fingers as times you've been pulled over for speeding.
Hold up as many fingers as good movies you think Adam Sandler has made.
Hold up as many fingers as layers you're currently wearing.
Hold up as many fingers as One Direction members you can name.
Hold up the fingers that represent half your shoe size.
Hold up the minimum number of fingers you need to wipe your butt.
Hold up as many fingers as times you usually go to the gym each week.
Hold up as many fingers as drinks it takes to get you drunk.
Hold up as many fingers as players in this game.
Hold up as many fingers as video services you pay for (Netflix, Disney +, etc.).
Hold up just your outer fingers.
Hold up as many fingers as times you've been fired from a job.
Hold up the amount of fingers as Harry Potter books you've read.
Hold up the amount of fingers, with ten being the highest, that represents how handy you consider yourself around the house.
Hold up as many fingers as times you've shaved your legs this month.
Hold up a finger for every ten minutes it typically takes you to get to work in the morning.
Hold up as many fingers as social media apps you have on your phone.
Hold up a finger for every ten dollars in cash you have on your person right now (just guess if you aren't sure).
Hold up as many fingers as flights you've been on in the last year.
Hold up an odd number of fingers if you were born between June and December.
Hold up as many fingers as sports jerseys you own.
Hold up the number of fingers that represents how tall your ideal mate is to the nearest foot.
Hold up as many fingers as nipples you think a normal dog should have.
Hold up the amount of fingers that represents how many Weird Al songs you could listen to in a row before getting annoyed.
Hold up as many fingers as colleges you've attended.
Hold up as many fingers as the minimum number of nice shoes a grown-up man should own.
Hold up as many fingers as rolls of toilet paper your house goes through in a typical week.
Hold up the number of fingers that equals the age you were when you were potty-trained (probably).
Hold up an amount of fingers that is also a prime number.
Hold up as many fingers as years it's been since you've been to the dentist.
Hold up as many fingers as times you've watched all of The Lord of the Rings.
Hold up as many fingers as Dave Matthews albums you've owned.
Hold up as many fingers as uncles you have.
Hold up as many fingers as seasons of The Walking Dead you've watched.
Hold up as many fingers as extra ingredients you add to a typical cup of coffee.
Hold up as many fingers as dates you would need to go on to call someone your boyfriend/girlfriend.
Hold up as many fingers as number of Pixar films you've seen this year.
Hold up as many fingers as pancakes you would typically eat in a stack.
Hold up as many fingers as there are continents.
Hold up the amount of fingers, with ten being love and zero being hate, that express your admiration for Justin Bieber.
Hold up as many fingers as times you've showered this week.
Hold up as many fingers as siblings you have.
Hold up as many fingers as dolls are in your house.
Hold up as many fingers as alcoholic drinks you've had in the last 24 hours.
Hold up as many fingers as car accidents you've been in.
Hold up as many fingers as foreign countries you've visited.
Hold up as many fingers as times you've seen the movie The Shawshank Redemption.
Hold up the number of fingers that represents your favorite Star Wars movie.
Hold up as many fingers as books you've read in the last half year.
Hold up as many fingers as hours of television you watch on an average night.
Hold up as many fingers as times you've been punched.
Hold up the number of fingers that represents what you did in the bathroom last time you went to the bathroom.
Hold up the maximum number of fingers you think you could comfortably fit in your mouth.
Hold up as many fingers as miles you'd guess you walk on an average day.
Hold up as many fingers as times you've been the Faker.
Hold up an even number of fingers.
Hold up an odd number of fingers.
Hold up more than five fingers, but less than nine.
Hold up as many fingers as feet you are tall. (Example: 5 feet tall - 5 fingers)
Hold up a number of fingers you have NOT held up yet this game.

Raise your hand if you've seen someone in this room naked.
Raise your hand if you have an active Tinder account.
Raise your hand if someone has blocked you on Twitter.
Raise your hand if you've been to a strip club in the past 2 years.
Raise your hand if you believe in ghosts.
Raise your hand if you've continued eating some food after finding a hair in it.
Raise your hand if you still have your wisdom teeth.
Raise your hand if you've taken a selfie this week.
Raise your hand if you've cried in a movie theater recently.
Raise your hand if you have hairy arms.
Raise your hand if you've been shushed in a movie theater.
Raise your hand if you currently have a condom in your wallet or purse.
Raise your hand if you own a king-size bed.
Raise your hand if you've changed a flat tire.
Raise your hand if you have blonde hair.
Raise your hand if you've ever gone skinny dipping.
Raise your hand if you've ever carried a protest sign.
Raise your hand if a significant other has watched you pee.
Raise your hand if you've had sex in a public place.
Raise your hand if you have NOT done laundry in over a week.
Raise your hand if you've ever written an angry review on Yelp.
Raise your hand if you have seen Citizen Kane.
Raise your hand if you've ever lied about whom you voted for.
Raise your hand if you have a food allergy.
Raise your hand if you have brown eyes.
Raise your hand if you have NO piercings.
Raise your hand if your shirt buttons.
Raise your hand if you've ever been caught masturbating.
Raise your hand if you own a pair of Crocs.
Raise your hand if you have ever had stitches.
Raise your hand if you've ever measured a penis.
Raise your hand if you own anything made by Nerf.
Raise your hand if you're wearing perfume or cologne today.
Raise your hand if you're wearing panties.
Raise your hand if you have product in your hair.
Raise your hand if you've cried during a date.
Raise your hand if you are enjoying an alcoholic beverage.
Raise your hand if you have a naked picture of yourself somewhere.
Raise your hand if you played a sport in high school.
Raise your hand if you're drunk right now.
Raise your hand if you lost your virginity before you were 20.
Raise your hand if you have a candle near your toilet.
Raise your hand if you know who Andy Cohen is.
Raise your hand if you got a haircut recently.
Raise your hand if you can explain the infield fly rule.
Raise your hand if you've ever touched a snake.
Raise your hand if you've been to a live professional wrestling match.
Raise your hand if you've seen Steel Magnolias.
Raise your hand if you've quoted A TV show in the last week.
Raise your hand if you've ever worn a cheerleading outfit.
Raise your hand if you own a fondue pot.
Raise your hand if you sleep with a security blanket or stuffed animal.
Raise your hand if you have ever owned a wacky hat.
Raise your hand if you NEVER got detention in high school.
Raise your hand if you sometimes sleep naked.
Raise your hand if you have a hidden tattoo.
Raise your hand if you're a Millennial.
Raise your hand if you are friends with an ex on Facebook.
Raise your hand if you have children.
Raise your hand if you have stolen someone else's lunch (accidentally or on purpose).
Raise your hand if you read all the Harry Potter books.
Raise your hand if you're wearing any jewelry.
Raise your hand if you've ever been on a skateboard.
Raise your hand if you have a hairy butt.
Raise your hand if you've been mugged.
Raise your hand if you have dimples.
Raise your hand if you kind of acted like a bully in school.
Raise your hand if you've ever been pulled over for speeding.
Raise your hand if you are wearing any sort of lucky charm.
Raise your hand if you volunteer somewhere.
Raise your hand if you've seen any of the Chipmunk movies.
Raise your hand if you might have seen a UFO.
Raise your hand if you can speak a language other than English.
Raise your hand if you like Taylor Swift's music even a little bit.
Raise your hand if you've ever stayed awake for over 48 hours.
Raise your hand if you own a hockey jersey.
Raise your hand if you've ever been thrown out of a place.
Raise your hand if you have ever thrown up in public.
Raise your hand if you have a W in any part of your name.
Raise your hand if you've ever worked as a babysitter.
Raise your hand if you've ever snuck into a movie without paying.
Raise your hand if you've ever been in a long-distance relationship.
Raise your hand if you often go by a nickname.
Raise your hand if you like to sing.
Raise you hand if you've seen Game of Thrones.
Raise your hand if you've pooped today.
Raise your hand if you've ever had a finger in your butt (doctors count).
Raise your hand if you've ever shoplifted.
Raise your hand if you currently have a bra in your house.
Raise your hand if you showered today.
Raise your hand if you've ever been punched.
Raise your hand if you like to drink whiskey.
Raise your hand if you've ever taken a picture of yourself naked.
Raise your hand if you look at your own poop.
Raise your hand if you've pooped your pants as an adult.
Raise your hand if you drank alcohol before the age of 18.
Raise your hand if you've ever fallen asleep in a movie theater.
Raise your hand if you've ever vomited on a plane.
Raise your hand if you've ever had another person's vomit on your clothes.
Raise your hand if you've spit in someone else's food.
Raise your hand if you like games.
Raise your hand if you regularly get 7 or more hours of sleep.
Raise your hands if you've ever worn handcuffs for any reason.
Raise your hand if you've kissed someone on the first date.
Raise your hand if you've ever been in a car accident.
Raise your hand if you sometimes don't wear underwear.
Raise your hand if you've ever peed in the shower.
Raise your hand if you've ever donated blood.
Raise your hand if you've farted since this game started.
Raise your hand if you were born before 1983.
Raise your hand if you wish you had more hair.
Raise your hand if you're wearing any red… anywhere.
Raise your hand if you have an A in any part of your name (middle name counts).
Raise your hand if you need glasses or contacts.
Raise your hand if your last name is longer than your first name.
Raise your hand if you dislike dogs.
Raise your hand if you do NOT have any children… that you know of.
