Point at the person who probably knows the most about Star Wars.
Point at the person who will probably outlive you all.
Point at the person with the hardest name to spell.
Point at the person who lives the farthest away from you.
Point at the person with the worst taste in music.
Point at the person most likely to win a trivia game show.
Point at the person with the coolest clothes.
Point at the person who probably swears the most.
Point at the silliest person.
Point at the person who probably has the deepest, darkest secrets.
Point at the person who has probably seen the most Disney movies.
Point at the person who is most likely an organ donor.
Point at the person who would die first in a horror film.
Point at the person who probably wakes up the earliest.
Point at the person who probably has the most unread e-mails.
Point at the person who has the most pets.
Point at the person born closest to 1989.
Point at the most immature person.
Point at the person who should have their own reality show.
Point at the person who has the best laugh.
Point at the person most capable of dunking a basketball.
Point at the person with the deepest voice.
Point at the person who looks the most like Tom Cruise.
Point at the person who probably has the most speeding tickets.
Point at the person most likely to win a spelling bee.
Point at the person you'd most like to hear read an entire book.
Point at the person the government is most likely to be spying on.
Point at the biggest sports fan.
Point at the person who probably most recently kissed someone.
Point at the person with the worst memory.
Point at the person you think would make a great James Bond.
Point at someone you'd hire as a bodyguard.
Point at the person most likely to be sorted into House Gryffindor. (it's a Harry Potter thing)
Point at the person you would most want to share a two-person horse costume with.
Point at the person the furthest away from you.
Point at the person you suspect is hardest to make angry.
Point at the person most likely to scream if they saw a rat.
Point at the person with the prettiest hands.
Point at the person who probably reads the most.
Point at the person you would want on your team when playing a trivia game.
Point at the person most likely to refer to themselves as a foodie.
Point at someone who does NOT have brown eyes.
Point at the person most likely to get into a prolonged argument on the internet.
Point at someone that usually wears something on their wrist.
Point at the person whose birthday you think will be next.
Point at the person you would most enjoy dunking in a dunk tank.
Point at the smoothest talker.
Point at someone who is probably a dog lover.
Point at the person you would like to see in a big teddy bear costume.
Point at the person whose thoughts you would most like to hear.
Point at the person who would struggle the most if they had to be a vegan.
Point at the person in this group you've texted most recently.
Point at the person who would make the best vampire.
Point at the person with the best fashion sense.
Point at a person who has accused you of being the Faker.
Point at the person you last pointed at.
Point at the person who is most addicted to their phone.
Point at the person you've known the longest.
Point at the person who probably says bro the most.
Point your finger at the youngest person in the game.
Point your finger at the person who most likely watches Big Bang Theory.
Point your finger at the person most likely to own leather pants.
Point at the person who would make the best politician.
Point at the person who you've told the most secrets to.
Point at the person who's the worst dancer.
Point at the person who looks the most like a cop.
Point at the person you think is most capable of murder.
Point at the person you like the best.
Point to the person you think you'd have the best chance of beating in a fight.
Point at the person you'd eat if you all crashed in the Alps.
Point at the person who smells the best.
Point at the person you suspect is the most well-traveled.
Point at the person you'd want to be trapped on a desert island with.
Point at the person you suspect is the worst at this game.
Point at the person you think is the happiest in general.
Point at the person you're most likely to give a high five to.
Point at someone you want to know better.
Point at the person whose name is closest to yours alphabetically.
Point at the person with the best hair.
Point at the person that looks the MOST like you.
Point at the person you suspect is closest to you in age.
Point at the person you've had the most disagreements with.
Point at someone with the same color eyes as you.
Point at someone shorter than you (or at yourself).
Point at someone you haven't pointed at yet.
Point at someone you are confident is NOT the Faker.
Point at the last person you heard speak.

Hold up as many fingers as cups of coffee you've had today.
Hold up as many fingers as people living in your home, right now.
Hold up as many fingers as tattoos you have.
Hold up the number of fingers that represent the hour you wake up each morning.
Hold up as many fingers as times you wash your bedsheets in a month.
Hold up as many fingers as Batman movies you've seen.
Hold up as many fingers as months that have 30 days.
Hold up as many fingers as years you think the American Civil War lasted.
Hold up as many fingers as you did last time.
Hold up as many fingers as toppings you typically order on a pizza.
Hold up as many fingers as sequels you think there are to The Fast and the Furious.
Hold up as many fingers as bills you currently have in your wallet.
Hold up as many fingers as pockets you have on your outfit right now.
Hold up as many fingers as video game consoles you own.
Hold up as many fingers as there were friends on Friends.
Hold up as many fingers as presidential elections you've lived through.
Hold up your fingers to show how many cats are too many cats to own.
Hold up as many fingers as cars you've owned in your lifetime.
Hold up as many fingers as pets you currently have.
Hold up as many fingers as pairs of shoes you own.
Hold up as many fingers as the last number in the year you were born.
Hold up as many fingers as cavities you've gotten.
Hold up as many fingers to match the number of e's in your last name.
Hold up as many fingers as steaks you've eaten in the last month.
Hold up as many fingers as what time you got up today.
Hold up as many fingers as pizza slices you've had this week.
Hold up as many fingers as times you've been pulled over for speeding.
Hold up as many fingers as good movies you think Adam Sandler has made.
Hold up as many fingers as layers you're currently wearing.
Hold up as many fingers as One Direction members you can name.
Hold up as many fingers as times you usually go to the gym each week.
Hold up as many fingers as players in this game.
Hold up as many fingers as video services you pay for (Netflix, Disney +, etc.).
Hold up the amount of fingers as Harry Potter books you've read.
Hold up the amount of fingers, that represents how handy you consider yourself around the house.
Hold up a finger for every ten minutes it typically takes you to get to work/school each day.
Hold up as many fingers as social media apps you have on your phone.
   a finger for every ten shekels in cash you have on you right now.
Hold up as many fingers as flights you've been on in the last year.
Hold up an odd number of fingers if you were born between June(6th) and December(12th).
Hold up as many fingers as schools you've attended.
Hold up as many fingers as the minimum number of nice shoes a person should own.
Hold up as many fingers as rolls of toilet paper your house goes through in a typical week.
Hold up an amount of fingers that is also a prime number.
Hold up as many fingers as years it's been since you've been to the dentist.
Hold up as many fingers as uncles you have.
Hold up as many fingers as extra ingredients you add to a typical cup of coffee.
Hold up as many fingers as number of Pixar films you've seen this year.
Hold up as many fingers as pancakes you ate in the past month.
Hold up as many fingers as there are continents.
Hold up as many fingers as siblings you have.
Hold up as many fingers as dolls are in your house.
Hold up as many fingers as car accidents you've been in.
Hold up as many fingers as foreign countries you've visited.
Hold up as many fingers as books you've read in the last half year.
Hold up as many fingers as hours of television you watch on an average night.
Hold up as many fingers as kilometers you'd guess you walk on an average day.
Hold up as many fingers as times you've been the Faker.
Hold up an even number of fingers.
Hold up an odd number of fingers.
Hold up more than five fingers, but less than nine.
Hold up as many fingers as feet you are tall. (Example: 5 feet tall - 5 fingers)
Hold up a number of fingers you have NOT held up yet.

Raise your hand if you believe in ghosts.
Raise your hand if you've continued eating some food after finding a hair in it.
Raise your hand if you still have your wisdom teeth.
Raise your hand if you've taken a selfie this week.
Raise your hand if you've cried in a movie theater recently.
Raise your hand if you have hairy arms.
Raise your hand if you've been shushed in a movie theater.
Raise your hand if you've changed a flat tire.
Raise your hand if you have blonde hair.
Raise your hand if you've ever carried a protest sign.
Raise your hand if you have NOT done laundry in over a week.
Raise your hand if you've ever written an angry review.
Raise your hand if you have a food allergy.
Raise your hand if you have brown eyes.
Raise your hand if you have NO piercings.
Raise your hand if your shirt buttons.
Raise your hand if you own a pair of Crocs.
Raise your hand if you have ever had stitches.
Raise your hand if you own anything made by Nerf.
Raise your hand if you're wearing perfume or cologne today.
Raise your hand if you have product in your hair.
Raise your hand if you play sports regularly.
Raise your hand if you got a haircut recently.
Raise your hand if you've ever touched a snake.
Raise your hand if you've seen a band live.
Raise your hand if you've quoted A TV show in the last week.
Raise your hand if you sleep with a security blanket or stuffed animal.
Raise your hand if you have ever owned a wacky hat.
Raise your hand if you NEVER got detention in high school.
Raise your hand if you're a Millennial(between 1981 and 1996).
Raise your hand if you have stolen someone else's lunch (accidentally or on purpose).
Raise your hand if you read all the Harry Potter books.
Raise your hand if you're wearing any jewelry.
Raise your hand if you've ever been on a skateboard.
Raise your hand if you kind of acted like a bully in school.
Raise your hand if you've ever been pulled over for speeding.
Raise your hand if you are wearing any sort of lucky charm.
Raise your hand if you volunteer somewhere.
Raise your hand if you might have seen a UFO.
Raise your hand if you can speak a language other than Hebrew and English.
Raise your hand if you've ever stayed awake for over 48 hours.
Raise your hand if you've ever been thrown out of a place.
Raise your hand if you have ever thrown up in public.
Raise your hand if you have a W in any part of your name.
Raise your hand if you've ever worked as a babysitter.
Raise your hand if you've ever snuck into a movie without paying.
Raise your hand if you often go by a nickname.
Raise your hand if you like to sing.
Raise you hand if you've seen Game of Thrones.
Raise your hand if you've ever shoplifted.
Raise your hand if you've ever been punched.
Raise your hand if you've ever fallen asleep in a movie theater.
Raise your hand if you like games.
Raise your hand if you regularly get 7 or more hours of sleep.
Raise your hand if you've ever been in a car accident.
Raise your hand if you've ever donated blood.
Raise your hand if you were born before 1983.
Raise your hand if you wish you had more hair.
Raise your hand if you're wearing any red.
Raise your hand if you have an A in any part of your name (middle name counts).
Raise your hand if you need glasses or contacts.
Raise your hand if your last name is longer than your first name.
Raise your hand if you dislike dogs.
